add information about Source Function usage (#4548)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/repeater/index.md

## Getting Started

The Repeater destination forwards events from a source back into another source as though that event occurred in the second source.

Events are not cached in the Repeater, so it only handles real-time events. You can specify multiple sources as Repeater destinations.

> If you need to send events to a Source Function, please use the [Webhooks (Actions)]([url](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-webhook/)) destination instead. The Repeater bypasses the code of a Source Function and sends data only to the write key. The Webhook destination will allow data to be sent through the Source Function code as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to send events to a Source Function, please use the [Webhooks (Actions)](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-webhook/) destination instead. The Repeater bypasses the code of a Source Function and sends data only to the write key. The Webhook destination allows data to be sent through the Source Function code as expected.
```
